# Visual Argument Preview Log

For my preview, I decided to depart a little from my initial project proposal. While it still centers around mental health, I mainly wanted to emphasize some of the symptoms and experiences of depression—specifically that it's associated with feelings of fatigue, hopelessness, lack of concentration, and slowness in activity. I know from personal experience that I become apathetic and that my head tends to feel heavy (like it's filled with water), so I decided to utilize that overarching theme when creating my preview. Moreover, depression is often referred to in metaphors of drowning or suffocating, which translated well for the project.

I started prepping my visual argument by browsing online and sourcing the photos I planned to use on websites that offered free-to-use images, such as Unsplash or Pixabay. I ended up choosing a top-down shot of a man with his body submerged in water, an aerial shot of the beach, and a picture of a boat floating on the ocean. My idea for the preview was to merge all of these images to create a surreal effect, as if the man was a giant sinking in water. This was mainly to emphasize the subject and to convey a sense of isolation from the other, smaller people seen on the beach in the background through scale. After citing the pictures I needed in my assets/credits file, I began working by dragging the files into Photoshop as layers, repositioning them where I wanted, and utilizing a soft brush to remove the rough edges of the photo with the man drowning so that they blended together well. In future iterations of the project, I hope to add the boat floating on the ocean to again reiterate the difference in scale between the man and the objects in the background, to add text with reference to mental health resources, to color correct the photos so that the photo manipulation is less noticeable, and to maybe play around with different effects such as blurring or paper ripping to illustrate the idea of being lost in thought.
